convective_flame:

  This models a laterally propagating flame through a stratified
  atmosphere.  A constant conductivity and simple analytic burning
  rate is used.  Rotation, via the Coriolis force, is included to
  confine the flame. 


Detonation:

  A 1-d detonation wave propagating through a uniform medium.


diffusion_test:

  A pure diffusion problem -- no hydro.  A simple Gaussian profile
  is setup and diffused, and should remain a Gaussian with time
  (but with a different width and amplitude).


double_bubble:

  Initialize 1 or 2 bubbles in a stratified atmosphere (isothermal or
  isentropic) and allow for the bubbles to have the same or a
  different gamma from one another / the background atmosphere.  This
  uses the multigamma EOS.


Dustcollapse:

  A pressureless cloud collapse that is a standard test problem for
  gravity.  An analytic solution that describes the radius of the
  sphere as a function of time is found in Colgate and White (1966).
  This problem is also found in the FLASH User's Guide and Mönchmeyer
  and Müller (1989).


evrard_collapse:



gresho_vortex:

  The Gresho vortex problem (see, e.g., Miczek, Roeple, and Edelmann
  2015).  This is a stationary vortex -- it should remain unchanged
  with time.  The problem parameters allow you to set the Mach number.


HCBubble:



hydrostatic_adjust:

  A 1-d hydrostatic atmosphere that evolves in response to heating.
  This is used as the reference calculation for the Maestro basestate
  evolution algorithm.


KH:

  A Kelvin-Helmholtz shear instability problem


Noh:



oddeven:

  A grid-aligned shock hitting a very small density perturbation.
  This demonstrates the odd-even decoupling problem that the
  hybrid_riemann option prevents.


reacting_bubble:

  A reacting bubble rise problem that was featured in the Maestro
  paper III algorithm paper.


rotating_torus:



RT:

  A Rayleigh-Taylor instability.  This problem setup was used in
  the first Castro paper.


RT_particles:

  A Rayleigh-Taylor instability that uses particles.  It is intended
  to be used in debugging the particle advection algorithm.


Sedov:

  The standard Sedov-Taylor blast wave problem.  This setup was used
  in the original Castro paper.


Sod:

  A one-dimensional shock tube setup, including the classic Sod
  problem.  This setup was used in the original Castro paper.


Sod_stellar:

  A version of the Sod shock tube for the general stellar equation
  of state.  This setup and the included inputs files was used in
  Zingale & Katz (2015).


StarGrav:

  Initialize a spherical model on a multi-d grid in hydrostatic
  equilibrium.


test_convect:

  This is a version of the MAESTRO test_convect problem that was used
  in MAESTRO paper III, and later in the appendix of the sub-Chandra II
  MAESTRO paper.
  

toy_convect:

  A simple nova-like convection problem with an external heating
  source.  This problem shows how to use the model parser to
  initialize a 1-d atmosphere on the Castro grid, incorporate a custom
  tagging routine, and write a custom diagnostics routine.


toy_flame:

  A simple 1-d laminar flame.


uniform_cube_sphere:



Vortices_LWAcoustics:



xrb_mixed: